so it looks very good everything very well
your windows phone but anyway the
need to use something like this here
and there how it does
Speak galera, I'm Rodrigo, this is the
windows phone diaries episode 01
and I'll tell you the first time.
question that I came across that says
respect to the use he makes
the smartphones of the day
on the day
at least when this smartphone is and
west android that are those shortcuts
for functions like wifi or bluetooth
usually slide your finger up to
the screen and has shortcuts to these
functions what does not happen here on windows
phone he does not have these - all you
uses it is in this home screen
even if you have some Taiwanese the living is
which shows information but is
limited is that same system
So I'll tell you a little about the
applications that I found in the
windows phone to get around
this situation there
the first was the short shorts and I
we have basically to have access to the
wifi data functions
I think it's cool because it shows in the icon
from the home screen if these functions
whether or not they are used
example , that's when I was connected, you got
a neighbor and when you play you already
has access to the less internal
system
the second was an application called
esteiro style the speaking style style
on the battery and also gives access to
other functions such as those I already
I used with the previous application but
I would rather use it only for
see the percentage of the battery it gives
including a preview of how long the
phone will stay connected if you
use the same way as the third
application of a very simple function
but it has already left me very ill.
accustomed in recent times to
function of the flashlight and this
I went easy on the microsoft store
I also found the flash lite application
x between several others is not a very thing
simple you play and he
it the antenna of your phone without the flash
like a flashlight and you have a
Z button is too large to turn off the
It's very simple for you to have here.
whereas other functions such as
calculator they are already available in the
active on the system then it's just you
put a link to them on the screen
you will now have access to
there are some functions that I missed
for example none of these applications
managing shortcuts was able to bring
a shortcut to the brightness does not even
how to manage the brightness that way
that I said earlier
I do not know why I think it's a thing.
very simple to do but so far no
was made for you to access the bc has to
even enter the windows phone menu
which requires a few steps there now that the
people are talking about shortcuts I'm going
talk about another function that looks like
but it can not be solved with
system applications even have to
to incorporate that is one back to the beginning
the screen in applications or browser by
example is in instagram that you will
Rolling the page will scroll there in
down and wants to get back in the beginning iof by
example you just play in the bay
upper and it comes back but on windows
phone did not find a similar function
with that if you know, I wish
Tell me, thank you.
It's something that I got very used to.
to use and that made me a big mistake
When are you going down there to come back?
The top of the windows phone has to do
scroll the inverse all over again
and since I mentioned the internet browser
explorer I can speak more
about it
further, but one thing that does not
I liked it a lot.
guides the browser tabs
when you're in the internet explorer
windows phone and opens a new tab is
as if it opened a new page and
it bothered me a little for you
walking between the guides is a good
delayed this thing I even noticed
diakité spain looked like a browser
but in this sense it seems that
became ugly for others like
mobile club safari
this is a very simple report on
this shortcut question what I did to
improve what could not improve
If you have suggestions, of course this is
super welcome here in this series
but today I'm staying here with
I liked you, sign up for the
channel will be the first time it is
passing by here
This is it, hello, hello.